DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with him
the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and
transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stake are high.
But we're ready to fight!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
MYLENE: No matter how much an opponent tries to
decrease the power level of a Mechanical Bakugan,
its energy level will refuel automatically
MYLENE: and its power level will return to its
original base level.
MYLENE: If you try to increase the power level
of a living Bakugan, the Trap Field will absorb
that power and its power level will revert to its base level.
SHUN: Dan!
Where are you?
MARUCHO: You can't battle the Mechanical Bakugan
inside the Palace!
ACE: Mira!
BARON: We're coming!
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in:
BT: The Final Battle.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Huh?
SPECTRA: Listen closely.
I've got a proposition for you.
PROFESSOR CLAY: A proposition?
SPECTRA: I'd like to offer you a place at my side.
PROFESSOR CLAY: What's that?
SPECTRA: Thanks to Zenoheld, I've lost Gus,
my loyal right hand.
Luckily for you this has created a job opening.
I will need someone with your superior technical abilities.
PROFESSOR CLAY: How arrogant of you
to think that I would serve under a boy.
SPECTRA: Perhaps you're the one who's being
arrogant Professor Clay.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Hmmph.
SPECTRA: Don't you want to hear what's in this for you?
PROFESSOR CLAY: Go on.
SPECTRA: In return for your service, I will give you
the key to the Bakugan's full DNA sequence.
What do you say Professor?
Is that something you might be interested in?
PROFESSOR CLAY: You have their full DNA sequence?
For real?
SPECTRA: Would lie to my own father?
Let's do this and take down Zenoheld, together.
PROFESSOR CLAY: You'll have to forgive my skepticism...
but I think we both know that we're no longer father and son.
SPECTRA: We both have much to gain here.
Can't we leave the past behind us and move forward?
PROFESSOR CLAY: I have nothing more to say.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Now leave Spectra,
before I'm forced to summon the Palace Guards.
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: With Gus' disappearance
and Professor Clay unwilling to join me
things are going to be difficult.
SPECTRA: Still I cannot lose momentum.
Especially since I am so close to having the DNA
sequence fully analyzed.
SPECTRA: But I have to remember what Dan said.
DAN: Just hang on a second.
DAN: This ultimate creation of yours that
you've been talking about, at the end of the day it's
still a Bakugan, right?
If that's true then, when the BT System is activated
it will be just as deadly to him
as all of the other Bakugan.
So there!
SPECTRA: How right you are, Dan Kuso.
SPECTRA: Time is of the essence.
If I wait any longer, I may never get my hands
on Drago's Perfect Core Energy.
SPECTRA: I suppose it's now or never.
PRINCE HYDRON: At long last, we finally meet, Dan Kuso.
PRINCE HYDRON: I'm anxious to see if you're as good
as your reputation.
DAN: You're Hydron, right?
PRINCE HYDRON: I see you've heard of me...
that's nice.
DAN: Ready Mira?
MIRA: Yup!
DAN: Spectra?
What?
SPECTRA: I thought I'd help you take down Zenoheld.
Isn't that what you wanted, Dan?
DAN: But I thought you said you were done helping us.
SPECTRA: What can I say?
You made a convincing argument.
Like you said, if the BT System is activated
it will be bad for both of us.
DAN: Whatever, dude... The more the merrier.
Right Mira? Let's do this.
PRINCE HYDRON: Welllll, this is quite a surprise.
ZENOHELD: Are you people here to battle
or just stand around and talk?
MIRA: That's King Zenoheld.
He used to be the ruler of Vestal.
DAN: That dude?
DAN: He looks even meaner in person.
SPECTRA: You and I have a score to settle
for what you did to Gus.
ZENOHELD: Ah yes, Gus, your little lap dog.
Don't worry, he was loyal to his Master Spectra
until the end.
SPECTRA: Good help is hard to find and Gus won't
easily be replaced.
You'll pay for taking him from me.
PRINCE HYDRON: And so, the drama just keeps on coming.
ALL: Gauntlet, Power Strike!
PRINCE HYDRON: I appreciate your interest,
father, but I can handle this on my own.
There's no reason for you to inconvenience yourself.
ZEONHELD: Your record has been impressive.
Very well.
As you wish.
PRINCE HYDRON: Gate Card, set!
PRINCE HYDRON: Let's go, Subterra Dryoid!
Bakugan brawl!
PRINCE HYDRON: Bakugan stand!
MIRA: We've got some Subterra muscle of our own.
Bakugan Brawl!
MIRA: Bakugan stand!
WILLDA: [rising roar]
DAN: Let's bring Pyrus to the party...
Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan, stand!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
SPECTRA: Helios, time to show them real power...
Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: Bakugan stand!
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
PRINCE HYDRON: Hah...show off.
DRAGO: Can I trust that we're fighting together, Helios
or do I have to watch my back?
HELIOS: Don't think for a second we're a team.
DRAGO: HELIOS: I won't attack you but make sure
you don't get in my way.
DRAGO: PRINCE HYDRON: This is why non-mechanical
Bakugan are so inferior.
Too much talk, not enough brawling.
MIRA: Then let me help you with that.
MIRA: Ability activate! Big Rock!
WILLDA: [rising roar]
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Shooting Dragon!
DRAGO: [rising roar]
PRINCE HYDRON: Ability Activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Murasame Blade!
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion Ability Activate!
PRINCE HYDRON: Shoo Dragonfly!
DRAGO: What?
PRINCE HYDRON: Hah! You give up?
MIRA: Yeah, right. You wish...
Ability activate!
MIRA: Ares Ball!
WILLDA: Subterra!
Give me strength!
MIRA (THINKING): If this hits
it'll be lights out for Hydron.
WILLDA: Haaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
PRINCE HYDRON: You Brawlers are so predictable...
Fusion Ability activate!
MIRA: What the--?
PRINCE HYDRON: Geki, Dust Barrier!
MIRA: [scream]
DAN: Mira!
MIRA: [grunt]
WILLDA: Mira!
MIRA: [whimper]
PRINCE HYDRON: Okay, that's one down.
DAN: Mira, say something! You creep!
Who hits a girl like that?
PRINCE HYDRON: Boy...girl...
all I see is Brawler.
PRINCE HYDRON: Fusion Ability, activate!
Restu Lightning!
DAN: Drago!
PRINCE HYDRON: Right... they're both Pyrus Bakugan,
aren't they...
PRINCE HYDRON: Gate Card, open!
PRINCE HYDRON: Pyrus Spotting Out!
DAN: Say what?
PRINCE HYDRON: This gate card slashes Pyrus
Bakugan's power levels by 500.
SPECTRA: Helios!
DAN: Huh?
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Chaos Hyper Cannon!
HELIOS: Haaaaahhhh!
DRAGO: Helios, what did you do?
HELIOS: I told you not to get in my way, Drago.
Perhaps you'd better sit the rest of this battle out.
I wouldn't want you to scrape your knee.
DRAGO: Hah! Stand back, Helios!
DAN: Yeah! Ability activate!
DAN: Shooting Dragon!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaahhhh!
[\u266a]
DAN: We did it!
Huh?
[\u266a]
DAN: What the...? How the heck is he still standing?
DAN: And why did Drago and Helios' power levels decrease?
PRINCE HYDRON: I could tell you, but then I would
ruin the surprise.
SHUN: Guys we're too late!
ACE: Hmmm? Mira?
MARUCHO: Mira!
DAN: Huh? You guys...?
MARUCHO: Dan, listen!
This battlefield is actually a Vexos trap!
DAN: What'd you say?
SHUN: It absorbs the powers of the flesh
and blood Bakugan
then transfers them to any Mechanical Bakugan
who are brawling.
PRINCE HYDRON: Oh come on, Shun.
Did you have to tell my friend?
No one likes a tattle tale you know.
SPECTRA: Oh yeah? A trap field?
So that's what you were up to, Professor Clay.
PROFESSOR CLAY: You're always one step behind, Spectra.
MIRA: Huh? Ace?
ACE: I'm right here.
SHUN: Mira! What happened?
Why are you and Dan battling with Spectra.
DAN: They tricked us.
Now what are we gonna do, huh?
SPECTRA: Perhaps it's time that we try out
some new equipment.
HELIOS: Let's do it, Spectra.
I'm itching to destroy something.
DAN: Hey, do you guys wanna fill us in
a little here?
SPECTRA: Sit back and watch.
GAUNTLET: Ready, Twin Destructor.
SPECTRA: Battle Gear, Boost!
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp]
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
PRINCE HYDRON: Battle Gear?
That sounds like nothing more
than a gimmick to me Spectra.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Prince Hydron,
you couldn't be any more wrong.
SPECTRA: Helios!
Let's show them what Battle Gear is all about!
DAN: Watch yourself, Drago!
This is gonna be a fierce Brawl!
HELIOS: So Brawlers, how do you like me now?
DRAGO: Helios...it's...
...incredible.
HELIOS: My only regret, Drago, is that you won't be
the first victim of my Battle Gear.
SPECTRA: Stay focused.
Remember that the Vexos are our current enemy.
HELIOS: Drago's time will come.
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
SPECTRA: Battle Gear Ablity, activate!
SPECTRA: Dual Devastator!
DAN: Yeah! Nice one!
PRINCE HYDRON: What's happening, Professor Clay?
PROFESSOR CLAY: Such incredible power.
PROFESSOR CLAY: But still, it won't be enough
to allow them a victory.
SPECTRA: The Battle Gear's performance is even more
impressive than I imagined.
Finally, we will put the Vexos and their giant
wind-up toys in their place.
HELIOS: Come and get it, Vexos!
[mighty roar]
PROFESSOR CLAY: What's this?
Helios' energy isn't being absorbed.
PROFESSOR CLAY: It appears that the system can't keep up
with the speed of Helios' power level increase.
DAN: Battle Gear...
DRAGO: It's incredible.
HELIOS: I could do this all day!
PRINCE HYDRON: How can that be?
Dryoid...
GAUNTLET: Prince Hydron Life force 10%.
DAN: Not too shabby there, Spectra.
SPECTRA: Hmmmph.
PRINCE HYDRON: I might be down, but I'm not out yet,
Spectra.
ZENOHELD: Stand aside, Hydron!
PRINCE HYDRON: [gasp] Father!
ZENOHELD: Enough with these silly games.
DAN: Hah!
Daddy comin' to clean up your mess, Hydron?
SPECTRA: Gate Card, set!
SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: Bakugan stand!
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
ZENOHELD: Let's go Farbros!
Bakugan Brawl!
ZENOHELD: Bakugan stand!
DAN: Alright, Drago buddy.
Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan stand!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
BOTH: Come on!
ZENOHELD: Ability activate!
Twin Horn Phaser!
[grunting, pained cries]
ZENOHELD: First we'll take away 400 from each of your
power levels and then add 400 to mine!
ZENOHELD: Professor Clay!
PROFESSOR CLAY: I'll go ahead and increase
the power of the Trap Field System!
That should increase our power level by 200
for each attack!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Superior Shield!
ZENOHELD: Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Hyped Cell!
DRAGO: [grunt]
DAN: What the heck kind of a power is that Drago?
SPECTRA: Ability Activate!
SPECTRA: Precipice Shield.
DRAGO: Thank-you for saving me.
HELIOS: I only did it so I can take you down later.
DAN: Ah Man! Looks like he did it again!
It's making me nuts.
SPECTRA: Yes, it is quite annoying.
ZENOHELD: You two need to be taught a lesson...
Double Ability activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set!
ZENOHELD: Hellion Breath, Plus...
...Ice Burst!
Hellion Breath takes half of the base power level
of a live Pyrus Bakugan and adds it to its own power level.
And also...
you're blocked from activating any abilities.
DAN: Oh no!
ZENOHELD: And Ice Burst literally freezes all
non-mechanical Bakugan.
HELIOS: What's happening?
SPECTRA: Enough!
Battle Gear, Boost!
SPECTRA: Gate Card, open!
SPECTRA: Enemy Re-setter!
SPECTRA: This Gate Card nullifies all of my
opponent's abilities.
ZENOHELD: [angry grunt]
SPECTRA: And that's not all...
SPECTRA: This card is also synchronized
with the Battle Gear, doubling the attack powers
of the battle gear abilities.
SPECTRA: Battle Gear, Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Twin Destructor Level 2!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Helios'attack powers doubled?
PROFESSOR CLAY: It seems as though the Trap Field
has no effect on him.
PROFESSOR CLAY: But how is that even possible?
HELIOS: Yeah! Get some! Get some!
PROFESSOR CLAY: I don't believe it!
The Trap Field...
...it's breaking down!
SPECTRA: Okay!
Time to hit it, Dan!
DAN: Okay!
Ability activate!
Shooting Tornado!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
PRINCE HYDRON: Father!
ZENOHELD: You lousy punks!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Your Highness!
It seems that the combined power of Helios with the
Battle Gear and Drago...
PROFESSOR CLAY: ...are far greater than we could have
ever imagined...Farbros is unable to beat them
by conventional methods.
The only other option that I can see giving us a
chance at victory would be for you to absorb all
the energy on the field and then taking down
Drago and Helios.
ZENOHELD: But we could collapse our side first...
It sounds too risky.
PROFESSOR CLAY: It's true.
There is a chance that Farbros could be destroyed
using this tactic.
ZENOHELD: No guts. No glory.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Agreed!
DRAGO: What's happening?
DAN: Man... their power levels are dropping fast!
SPECTRA: Helios!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Just hang on, Farbros.
Drago and Helios are nearly done!
ZENOHELD: Time to nail their coffins shut!
Ability Activate!
ZENOHELD: Twin Horn Pulsar!
Fire Spartan!
DRAGO: [pained cry]
DAN: Drago!
SPECTRA: His Attribute Energy!
DAN: Dragooooo!
DRAGO: [grunt]
GAUNTLET: System Down.
Battle Terminated.
DAN: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Dan!
ZENOHELD: Nice strategy Professor Clay.
DAN: [gasp] Is that...?
SPECTRA: The BT System.
ZENOHELD: We now have all of the Attribute Energies
required to fully power the Bakugan Termination System.
Once the power core has had the time to fully
charged itself the System module in New Vestroia
will power itself up.
[laughter]
DAN: No way!
ZENOHELD: Time to say your goodbyes, young Brawlers.
Every last living Bakugan is about to be
snuffed out for good!
DAN: Now that Zenoheld has all of the Attribute Energies
needed to power the BT System,
it could be lights out for the Bakugan race.
In order to avoid that catastrophe we came up
with the idea of transporting them all to Earth.
Meanwhile, Drago and Helios went off to New Vestroia
on their own to try and destroy the BT System
using their own brute strength.
But I'm not sure they're powerful enough to do it
without sacrificing themselves in the process.
I'm telling you this is some pulse pounding,
heart stopping action like you've never seen before.
Bakugan Brawl!
Innnnn-tense!